Add info how to use this plugin (#3)
jenkinsci/ionicons-api-plugin: README.md

This plugin provides [ionicons](https://ionic.io/ionicons), also known as "symbols", for your Jenkins plugins.

Add the ionicons-api as dependency to your `pom.xml`:

> Click [here](https://plugins.jenkins.io/ionicons-api/#dependencies) for a snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [plugin site](https://plugins.jenkins.io/ionicons-api/#dependencies) for a snippet.
```

This plugin provides [ionicons](https://ionic.io/ionicons), also known as "symbols", for your Jenkins plugins.

First, add the ionicons-api as dependency to your `pom.xml`:

> ```xml

Reviewer: worth linking to the equivalent of https://plugins.jenkins.io/slack/#dependencies?

It gives you a copy paste snippet with the latest version

I didn't link to the one for this as it doesn't appear to be on the plugin site yet

Author: > worth linking to the equivalent of https://plugins.jenkins.io/slack/#dependencies?

Absolutely!

<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>io.jenkins.plugins</groupId>
        <artifactId>ionicons-api</artifactId>
        <version>VERSION</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

To use a symbol, reference the icon as following:

### Jelly
```xml
<l:icon src="symbol-symbolName-outline plugin-ionicons-api" />
```

### Groovy
```groovy

> l.task(icon:"symbol-symbolName-outline plugin-ionicons-api")

Reviewer: examples should probably match between groovy and jelly?

```

### Java

```java
@Override
public String getIconClassName() {
    return "symbol-symbolName-outline plugin-ionicons-api";
}
```

> Preferably, use symbols containing `-outline`, if available.

Reviewer: add why
